You are the boss of them, right? Why did you come and steal my fish?
This fish hall belongs to the Xianmeng family. He has been dead for four years.
If I have nothing to do, I'll treat you to him.
What's going on in this fish hall? What if he's still alive?
Who else can you thank me for? I am the virtuous wife.
No matter whether Xianmeng lives or dies, he belongs to my family.
Please leave quickly. Otherwise, the police will be called.
Who am I talking about? Aren't you the slippery guy from Ke Zixianmeng's family?
Get the leader to lie to me. Let me be honest with you.
This is not the first time we have been here.
You have to force me to leave again. I put your hand to question people sleeping.
Don't give up.
Let me believe you, Brother Ichijo
Give him an arm